However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Work gives you purpose and meaning and life is empty without it.
You are a happy person, full of imaginative thoughts.
You have a deep and sincere respect for yourself and for your personal worth to others.
It is easy fo you to accept the help and cooporation of others.
You see others help to you as an expression of mutual friendship and understanding.
You think of yourself as a warm, generous and loving person.
You like yourself because you are a friendly and giving person.
You accept yourself as a unique and valuable person.
Happiness is your birthright. You embrace happiness as your state of being.
You feel joy and contentment at this moment.
You awaken in the morning feeling happy and enthusiastic about life.
You can tap into a wellspring of inner happiness anytime you wish.
By allowing yourself to be happy, you inspire others to be happy as well.
You have fun with all of your endeavors, even the most mundane.
You look at the world around you and can't help but smile and feel joy.
You find joy and pleasure in the most simple things in life.
You have an active sense of humor and love to share laughter with others.
Mistakes and setbacks are stepping stones to your success because you learn from them.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.
We should seek the greatest value of our action.
Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Once you stop learning, you start dying.
A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it’s built for.
What is right is not always popular, and what is popular is not always right.
Be who you are and say how you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
